.\" manpage for scpk
.\" Contact Andrei Onea for bugs or suggestions
.TH scpk 1 "24 February 2019" "version 1.0.1" "scpk manpage"
.SH NAME
scpk - scp wrapper for CS students at University of Manchester
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scpk
.RI "[" OPTION "] to/from
.I kilburn
.I localpath 
--- copy a file
.PP
.B scpk
changeid --- allow the user to change the student ID associated
.PP
.B scpk 
--- displays simple help menu
.SH VERSION
.B 1.3
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B scpk
uses a locally stored configuration file to keep the host required to send or
retrieve data from the servers in Kilburn. Its only use is to save typing for
those using Linux that like to keep a copy of their coursework (and what not)
from their Uni machines to their local machines. It can copy to and from
Kilburn and it also can transfer folders recursively.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-h --help" 
.RB "Prints a simple help menu that links to this man page."
.TP
.B "-r --recursive"
.RB "Descends in each directory at the target path to copy all files and folders."
.TP
.B "-v --verbose"
.RB "Asks the 'scp' process to produce detailed output (probably never going to use this)."
.TP
.B "--version"
.RB "Prints the current version of the script."
.SH EXAMPLES
The following will be used to display the
.I version
.PP
.RS
.BR $ " scpk --version
.RE
.PP
The following will be used to change the
.I student id
required to replace the hostname.
.PP
.RS
.BR $ " scpk changeid
.RE
.PP
The following will be used to copy a file
.I foo
from Kilburn to local machine, saved as 
.I bar.
.PP
.RS
.BR $ " scpk from PATH/TO/FILE/foo LOCAL/PATH/bar 
.RE
.PP
The following will be used to copy a file
.I foo
to Kilburn from local machine, saved as 
.I bar.
.PP
.RS
.BR $ " scpk to PATH/TO/FILE/bar LOCAL/PATH/foo
.RE
.PP
The following will be used to copy, recursively, a file
.I foo
from Kilburn to local machine, saved as 
.I bar.
.PP
.RS
.BR $ " scpk -r from PATH/TO/FILE/foo LOCAL/PATH/bar 
.RE
.PP
The following will be used to copy, verbose, a file
.I foo
to Kilburn from local machine, saved as 
.I bar.
.PP
.RS
.BR $ " scpk -v to PATH/TO/FILE/bar LOCAL/PATH/foo
.RE
.PP
The following will be used to copy, recursively and verbose, a file
.I foo
to Kilburn from local machine, saved as 
.I bar.
.PP
.RS
.BR $ " scpk -r -v to PATH/TO/FILE/bar LOCAL/PATH/foo
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B IllegalArgument
.PP
.RS
caused by an incorrect syntax use.
.RE
.PP
.B DuplicateArguments
.PP
.RS
caused by two flags being the same.
.RE
.PP
.B NotEnoughArguments
.PP
.RS
caused by remaining an insufficient number of arguments after dealing with flags.
.RE
.PP
.B TooManyArguments
.PP
.RS
caused by remaining too many arguments after dealing with flags.
.RE
.PP
.B Unforeseen event happened
.PP
.RS
caused by an unexpected and unchecked event.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
.RB "If the copy is successful or the script is run for the first time in order
to generate the config file"
.TP
.B 1
.RB "If any error occurs at any time"
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Andrei Onea
.SH COPYRIGHT
MIT License
.PP
Copyright (c) 2019 Andrei Onea
.PP
This document is part of the scpk software.
.PP
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.PP
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
